hi friends today i will tell you and
show you how i care for my face
stay with me in the evening
interesting and for starters i’ll take my hair
leaves to not bother me
and the first power i start i'm blotting
face with water to make mascara
Cosmetics on the face steamed better
and it was easier to wash it off
do such a gel for washing
biocon by the way very cool smell
all kinds of fruit and well washes
makeup as always his back vayu
palms and good
wipe the kingdom piled up in my back
on the face all the dirt to all the cosmetics and
then wash off
1 week using or peeling mask for
face and scrub or mask film here a hundred
beauty recipes today decided to take
mask film because and glue
total flush out ie make yourself and
look at how I'll do it by the way
this mask is removed very easily
it feels like I'm shooting the second layer
skin is not in any way painful
and after the mask remain very nice
feeling comes velvety skin
inflammation decreases and color improves
skin
after that i will wipe my face
tonic he biocon to clean
leftover dirt on face and remaining
cosmetics
if there is something left in front of my eyes
with the help of this lotion for removing
eye makeup by the way he's very cool
fits these football contactless wines
and after it does not need special care
eye area because he
contains oil that moisturizes
skin is very delicate skin around the eyes
if any skin appeared
sore pimples then i take the usual
I wipe the calendula pharmacy wipe all
some pimples layers
redness and it dries well and
heals very quickly
and the level left face I'll
use this cream from a hundred recipes
beauty
he is very good fit for the summer he led
days and soul smells good
now it's time I brush my teeth
I carry a headset with me I
I choose my favorite song which
Lasts about 3 minutes namely
so much need to brush their teeth so
time seems to pass faster and less
the day I brush my teeth too
bought for my brush that's so bright
Cheholchik it also motivates me for
use a toothbrush and
Pasta in the evenings very lazy but need it
vital and important to me
I usually do not put the gel for the teeth
teasing and I love very much
combine put the gel with powder
dental and every order would be better
cleared of plaque which we have
accumulated a choice of the day and just
I will continue to brush my teeth
and further on the standard I use
dental floss from fish conditioner from
claw
and
after brushing my teeth and i always take my
coconut oil and moisturize lips
the area around the cube the area around the nose in
In general, those areas that I have
peeling or
I feel tight and dry
I also have a wet cuticle on my fingers and
feet and rub it well with oil
imbibed
the knife got so
while the oil is absorbed i care for
hair and i comb wood
comb just usually starting from the ends
I move up to the roots and to the hair
for the night I did not interfere I braid them in
ordinary pigtail
be sure to catch your hands in front
sleep because i have dry skin of my hands
principle you can go to sleep well that's all i
I hope you had the same fun as me
if you like it then rate mine
video and write me please
comment about if you have any
evening skin care features
facial lepse for
for a mind that's my particular it
what I brush my teeth to my music
it is cool it is very appropriate and
helps brush your teeth as much as
need all thanks and until the next video
until
but